Hey I am in Destin, welcome again to Smarter Every Day.
Remember that a few weeks ago I made a video of Bale Effect in the garden of my house with a bonfire?
Well, this week is a bit different. See this.
This is a disposition of 20 cameras.
It has a software package that synchronizes them all.
That's how you do it correctly ...
although ... I did it well enough in my garden.
This is Henry's MinutePhysics,
and is about to make a Bala Effect show at the "US Space and Rocket Center".
(computer) 3 ... 2 ... 1! I like your style!
(Henry) I think I've skipped too early.
(Recovering Images)
(Destin) It's awesome! (Henry) It's amazing, it's been working!
Hello, you can send the video by mail ... Yes.
(Destin) Yes man ... (Henry) Yes! Yes, okay
You have to do it, you have to do it Destin. (river) You have to do it.
(Destin) Why? (Henry) Because it's amazing.
Obviously what will I do! Okay, I'm going to do it.
(computer) 5 ... 4 ...
Well that's exactly what happens. Look (computer) 2 ... 1!
(computer) ... 1!
This has been bad, I have not done it in time.
The scene of the Matrix gun where they fight against each other,
in Neo and Mr. Smith, let's see if we can do it.
(computer) 3 ... 2 ... 1!
What have we learned here?
In the last video we learned three things:
First of all, the radius from the center of all the cameras must be exactly the same.
Second, the angle of inclination of each camera must be the same because it does not look shaky.
And third, the exposure and the balance of targets must be the same, which requires them to be similar devices.
This time, our setting was much better, and that means we can learn more.
The first thing that we have learned is that the inconsistency of lighting is a problem.
There's a flash ... there's a flash ... there's a flash.
So a bad thing that has this configuration is that you have shadows at different points.
So, if we had to do it again, we would probably add light in these shadows.
Second, the cameras must be pointing exactly to the same point.
If you look to the left, the carpet point jumps a bit and causes the eye to dance.
But on the right, Henry corrected this for each of the video clips,
which produces a much softer twist.
So, a great thanks to the "US Space and Rocket Center"
to let us be fooled into the exhibition Mathematics Vives.
If you want to subscribe to Henry's MinutePhysics channel, take a look here.
If you want to subscribe to my channel, I will do what Herny is doing.
Do you upload it?
It's like a Bullet Effect with my chair.
Well, it's two in the morning, it probably seems much fun to me.
I have another channel, maybe you knew it or maybe not.
It's called Funner Every Day (More fun every day). This week I have a question for you.
I'm doing posters, it includes lasers and cats.
But I have the question of, what words should they go? I will leave the link somewhere.
I'm in Destin, and you're getting smarter every day. Thanks.